Gwenevere Abriel: This is supposed to be.
Gwenevere Abriel: A little bit like I owe you an apology.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was waiting, you know, waiting a few minutes, give this person a chance to show up and
Jay: Never do
Never did
Gwenevere Abriel: He
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Well, I appreciate you meet with me a little earlier and plan.
Gwenevere Abriel: So remind me again when you get to meet with a specialist to have those that liver of yours and all things you looked at it.
Jay: In July,
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're on the on call list.
Jay: That's what they said. But
Jay: I just think they're not doing nothing through all this.
Gwenevere Abriel: They kind of hedging their bets thinking that they'll open up in July.
Jay: Yeah, that's missing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. It's funny, I have like I have that in my mind to like somehow magically
Gwenevere Abriel: Everything's going to be better at July. I don't know why.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not based on any facts.
Gwenevere Abriel: Random
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me. Um, what else is going on. I'm sleep eating kind of bring you up to speed.
Jay: Well, earlier I started growing up again real bad and made me sweat movie thing, but it didn't last
Jay: And
Jay: It happened to me once before this week, and I think it's whenever I don't eat breakfast.
Okay.
Jay: I'm in my stomach. I'm good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Oh, that's a good thing to know.
Jay: When the only two things that have been doing for with those two days is I skipped breakfast.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you're looking at it closely and you might be onto something. And this might not be relevant for you because the the subtext is that in a tablet format.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, but it still has to go under the under the tongue or now.
Jay: Yeah, it still has to dissolve.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Um, I noticed when I was in group, I think it was yesterday. Not everybody knew this.
Gwenevere Abriel: About 1520 minutes before you're going to put it under your tongue that you not
Gwenevere Abriel: Smoke.
Jay: Cigarette not
Do not
Gwenevere Abriel: And don't eat. I think it's don't eat.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think it's, I can't remember if it's don't drink, but I can tell you one thing for sure. It's definitely don't smoke and I'm trying to remember what it is about the constriction of the blood vessels. I think it's the construction of the blood vessels. That's the problem.
Jay: Before so right. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: But I want to check on the food thing that makes me concerned we just identified the foods, really important. Yeah. So, for sure, go with the this don't have a cigarette 1520 minutes beforehand because it does something about you're not absorbing the the medicine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which Hello, like that's what this is all about. And I realized when I was listening to the clients. They're like, oh, I didn't know that. And
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, it's hard to do all these little reminders every single time.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm glad I brought it up.
Jay: Yeah, now that I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know that's when you do your problem solving is when you have that first cigarette.
Gwenevere Abriel: So yeah i would i would definitely put delay in there because I think sort of, I think it is the constriction of the blood vessel that makes it difficult to absorb
Gwenevere Abriel: So you might not be getting all the medicine that you're supposed to
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. All right, let me get an open here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so we've got
Gwenevere Abriel: Some nausea returning. It's not pervasive once last week. Once this morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Jay: Well, it wasn't that it was bubbling blabbing
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and you hadn't eaten anything
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay, so let's get that transcribed let's really have that in this record, making sure that we're continuing to rule out what is causing the nasza we're looking at eating being a problem like we gotta have food in the stomach here noticing a pattern with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And how many hours of sleep. Are you getting
Jay: Or between six and eight.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay that's doable that work for you.
Jay: It goes
Gwenevere Abriel: Your color today looks a bit pale, what is going on is that the video or is there something be feeling kind of crummy
Jay: Yeah, just since I threw up earlier on still trying to recover. I
Jay: Think both my stomach still kind of in
Jay: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That might be, it is that part of that presentation of nausea.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: God
Jay: Also, I got a ticket yesterday. My peeled saying its relation. I got a speeding ticket.
Jay: I gotta go see him as soon as I'm done with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do they make money every time they violate you guys
Jay: He said his
Jay: Office.
Jay: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: driving fast. It's definitely fun that that would be a hard thing for me to change. I like driving fast I'm I follow a lot of rules, but not that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go ahead.
Jay: I know my mom go and pick up my medication. So she had a dose. So I had to drive across town to go get it. I was already in bed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Jay: So I was just trying to get there. And I didn't realize I was doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Was doing 62.50 yeah that hurts.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, my last excuse I was actually in New Mexico and
Gwenevere Abriel: This guy pulls out a whole a whole car full of kids just kids. And I don't know this car and
Gwenevere Abriel: This area like in a tiny little space that will go from all the way from 55 to like 45 and you won't know what's about to happen. The roads, the same to me this bunch of like tumbleweeds just looks all the same to me. So I can't, no friends I'm clueless.
Gwenevere Abriel: So a new car, and it's what July 4 we're going to go, you know, gonna go watch some fireworks and I get pulled over.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got out of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: This poor guy. He says, uh,
Gwenevere Abriel: I said what happened. I'm totally serious cases we are speeding like a lot like like what you're like, you know, I mean like really like 100 and danger kind of thing, you know. And I'm like, Okay, I believe you. I'm like, I completely leave you, that definitely sounds like me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can I, can I offer up what I think happened you know I'm trying to kind of explain it. He's like, you know, just disgusted with because everybody you know that they're done that every single person. They're just like waiting for a new story.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I don't have any mine is not interesting.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it works. So I think it's the kids in the car, you know. So I said,
Gwenevere Abriel: He's a license, registration insurance, you know, so I'm flipping through and I have like five years of insurance cards.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I said, Okay, so I'm reading it and I'm reading it. I'm like, Okay, this one says it's effective date doesn't say the expiration effective. Here's one.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then another and you can see me right I'm pulling them all out. I just keep them I don't take them out. I only stick them back in my little whatever thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I can. I mean, you know, and I said, Okay, I'm not finding the one you're looking for. I'm not kidding. Like, I can't find the one I think you really want
Gwenevere Abriel: But I also don't know it's not because it wasn't given to me and it just, you can see that I'm pretty good about holding on to them and maybe even though. And so I just kept like my mouth, I was just
Gwenevere Abriel: Finally, like, hold on a minute, and he must have checked something. I don't know. And he comes back and he's like, okay, you're going to have a warning and thank you. And he's like, You need to get rid of those old ones that just keeps the current
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I haven't changed the thing I still have a stack cuz I'm like, well that was two reinforcing it showed my credibility. I'm like, I'm gonna get rid of these is if I
Gwenevere Abriel: Know it shows that at least I have my old ones. So anyway, you've really got to pay attention to the speed sites out there. I'm not kidding.
Jay: I didn't think that they would violate my probation for it. I'm crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder if like even saying a swear word in Publix going to get you locked up.
Jay: Sounds like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You need to use your manners. Get those elbows off the table.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not kidding around. Well, I'm glad they didn't take it in.
Gwenevere Abriel: It kind of a scary moment for you.
Jay: Well, yeah, because I had a bunch of weight on me and they smelled it
Jay: Yeah.
But I have my
Jay: Last
Gwenevere Abriel: Sentence.
Jay: So, can you hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I can.
Jay: Yeah, they smoke my weed on me, but I didn't have more than bounce on me. So I pulled it out. I'll have to open the jar expecting him to smoothly and stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: So interesting right
Gwenevere Abriel: There are about to pull you in for speeding.
Gwenevere Abriel: But not not for weed. That's interesting. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: The Times have changed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. So I'm looking at this, a very long note.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you you spent some time telling me stories, you know, the ones that you could remember
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, and I was asking sort of how it is that you've come to this conclusion that you're a bad kid.
Jay: Yeah, let's do
Gwenevere Abriel: Smell you sound pretty confident
Gwenevere Abriel: That that's the case.
Jay: Maybe that wasn't as bad as I thought.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, what do you think had something to do with
Gwenevere Abriel: Do remember
Gwenevere Abriel: That maybe that's what got you the attention that you needed, you couldn't really get attention, any other way. Do you remember anything kind of like that.
Jay: Maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe you'd end up getting your dad's attention from far far away like somehow maybe then he would
Gwenevere Abriel: He was you
Jay: Know. Yeah, maybe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes we're even though we're little we're pretty bright, you know, we can figure out
Gwenevere Abriel: How to get the attention we need
Gwenevere Abriel: It didn't work out real well, though, did it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So have you had nightmares.
Jay: Recently,
Yeah.
Jay: I have. I couldn't tell you
Jay: There's a couple times I've woke up swearing in the middle of the night. That's a telltale sign. I've had
Jay: A nightmare.
Jay: Not one that I can remember. It's been four or five years.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's go ahead and update these since
Gwenevere Abriel: 24th is pretty close.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to keep my anxiety in check. Uh huh. So let's just see how it's doing. So thinking about
Gwenevere Abriel: how great it was when you started this program.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just see if it has gone up. If it stayed the same, or if it's gone down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why do you think that is
Jay: I think I'm actually being
Jay: I think I'm getting the therapy on you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, that's an awesome nice thing to say about therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Therapy is an interesting thing because it doesn't just sort of sit on a shelf, you know, I mean, it's not like a thing that you take out and you flip the switch.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think is happening in this therapy that's helping you with anxiety.
Jay: I'm because I don't know you. And I'm telling you all my problems.
Jay: That helps me to open up to people.
Gwenevere Abriel: It helps to open up
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's because you don't know me.
Right.
Jay: I have my reservations about this program because it was over the video. Yeah.
Jay: But I never tried everywhere else. And nothing elsewhere.
Jay: And this the longest I stayed in a program
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Jay: Yeah, like a patient
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Usually
Jay: Once I'm going
Gwenevere Abriel: Now here's what I don't know. Yes, it would be flattering to think that somehow it's this program or somehow magically, it's me, but I'm not that naive right so I'm thinking, what is it has a lot to do with
Gwenevere Abriel: You know how you said, I just don't think the same way anymore. Last time I think you said it. You've said it before, you said, I just, I don't think
Gwenevere Abriel: The same way I just my way I make decisions isn't based on the same
Gwenevere Abriel: Logic, or I don't know verbatim what you said.
Gwenevere Abriel: When do you think that switch went off for you without thinking change how many months or years ago. Do you think that was
Jay: I think it was about in January, maybe December.
Jay: I just woke up one morning and I was like,
Jay: This has got to stop and I think I was on the phone with you guys a couple days after that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have this
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't, what do you mean by this has to stop. Be specific. What do you mean
Jay: I was getting high.
Jay: Wing
Jay: That I
Jay: Gonna go back to prison. If I give another dirty way I'd already given like three or four, and he let me slide.
Jay: And I knew I had a piss test. The next week. It wasn't exactly seven days later, and I woke up that morning, and I wasn't make em. If I will stop now and then I'm going to jail.
Jay: So I chose to flush my drugs that I had on me.
Jay: And I went to a friend's house which which is my ex mother in law and I slept on her couch for two days. That was what my parents were in Vegas.
Jay: Of a scene at the homeless shelter for like four or five days before. And that's where I was skiing. I was at the homeless shelter.
Jay: Then I went to that friend's house and sit on your couch for two days.
Jay: You know, drag it up real quick and then
Jay: Came home and slept for about a week.
Jay: That's around the time I got on the program with y'all.
Jay: That started smoking weed two
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's new for you. The, the, this does. You mentioned it quite a bit like that's, that's something you're the message is received this weed means something to you, you're sending me this message about it and
Gwenevere Abriel: How much have you been smoking the year before.
Jay: No. Okay.
Jay: I quit smoking, probably in 2007
Gwenevere Abriel: So the upside of any
Gwenevere Abriel: Outside substance is that sometimes what ends up happening the messages to the self. Well, I'm not really changed. I haven't really changed. I still need something to be okay. So there is a downside to it and that that includes psychiatric medication to
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, statistically, what it's what what research will will say is that concurrently having psychotherapy and psychiatric medication has the best outcome, the best therapeutic gain
Gwenevere Abriel: And so I encourage people to consider medication management, you know, with its if this anxiety is so
Gwenevere Abriel: negatively impacting work relationships. So if it's interfering with those things or depression is interfering with life domains. It's kind of a, it's a good time to consider that maybe having both at the same time be the way to go.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so for you. Are you on any psychiatric medication, remind me.
Jay: Yes, I'm on a rim Ron of 15 milligrams. I'm on Zyprexa 10 milligrams and
Jay: I can't remember the other top of next
Jay: That's also 10 milligrams
Gwenevere Abriel: So how do you know that it isn't those substances.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know how we're rolling out the nausea. We keep you know keep kind of kicking it off this list.
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you able to identify what is the active ingredient. Like, which one is it that's helping you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know what I mean, like, how are you going to come away from this knowing more about what works for you.
Jay: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: My
Jay: My psychiatrist is oh Wellbutrin. That's the UK.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's real.
Jay: He's real short and like
Jay: He's not going to hear a story. You know what I mean. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You mean not as in. He's four foot 11 if he has a doesn't talk for a long time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, right. Not sure.
Jay: There's nothing to describe my medications in Timmy he's done.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, that that doesn't prevent you from
Gwenevere Abriel: Doing the research and
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, now I'm interested. But are you, do you want to know what's actually helping you versus this barrage of all these things coming at you.
Jay: Well, to tell you the truth. I've been off the segments for five minutes. That's why I had my site point me yesterday.
Jay: And I had to get my men's okay but I've been offered for a long time. Just because I couldn't take them because I was growing up, so much so I've been on a real roller coaster. This past six minutes.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have cheese.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that's new information. So on one hand, I thought you were ingesting them, Nick. Currently, but it sounds like you're adjusting adjusting the THC.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the Suboxone Suboxone to. Yeah. And for many people.
Gwenevere Abriel: They described, whether it's
Gwenevere Abriel: An actual chemical change or not. I can't really tell.
Gwenevere Abriel: But there is this sense that a perception that it brings the anxiety down there is a perception of it, but I can't quite see for sure if it's just
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I don't want to not be taking anything, you know, and whether there's an actual anxiety condition there or not. So it's hard for me to really tell. But this is this is useful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, when you do, you just met with them, right. You just met with a psychiatrist.
Yesterday,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Did you fill a prescription for all those medicines.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay. And did you tell this psychiatrist that
Gwenevere Abriel: I kind of wish I had known with you beforehand but
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you started taking them.
Jay: I took them to the years I took a lesson to me and then I took my bitterness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Huh. Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I guess I would invite when you meet with that's okay. It's just, again,
Jay: three more months.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well here's the thing. This is an interest that I have, if you don't have an interest in it won't, it won't be relevant.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we'll leave it alone. If you end up becoming curious about what's actually helping you, because then you get the sense of, well, I don't want to spend the rest of my life on these things, which is the one that's actually helping me. I can't tell.
Gwenevere Abriel: Them, then you may want to consider that conversation with that provider and say I really want to know what's helping what and if we pulled them apart, you know, how could I maybe determine what I really need longer term or which one I can kind of let go of
Okay.
Jay: They added the fanatics, because that Iran together was supposed to stabilize the mood stabilizers and supposed to help you sleep good
Jay: Then they put me on Zyprexa because I was having bad dreams and stuff. And so it was another sleep eight and then the word future was supposed to be for me. Right.
So,
Jay: I haven't had none of them. And I've been doing
Jay: I think I've been handling myself. Okay.
Jay: Mentally mentally and tear myself apart. But I'm holding it.
Jay: Holding it together long enough to make some money.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Actually, I want to spend time understanding that because you're. It's like if you're happy and you're you know it, then your face will surely show it. Well, it doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't tell that you're tearing yourself up inside
Gwenevere Abriel: Those are the things I want to hear about
Jay: It's just I don't like being around people. I'm constantly thinking, somebody's going to rob me or hold me or
Jay: They're gonna invite me to their house and just me because you know I got enemies are you know I there's and that's what's always going through my mind and I put a wall up and try not to think about it.
Jay: Because I know I need to go out here. Excellent.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me see if I get this. It's actually on your mind like 80 90% of the time worry that you're going to get jumped in some way get hurt.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you're in danger.
Jay: Yes. Something's gonna happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: So as at 90 closer. Is it a different number.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a lot.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we as the audience, right, and looking at you. We can't tell. And even worse because the tele health, like I miss even more cues that I would probably pick up on. But I can't pick up on them because I'm way over here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you are able to cope with that fear.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you need to make money.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where's the money going, what's it going to, I'm just curious about it.
Jay: Seeing. That's a crazy thing I really don't have no go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Jay: I'm just sick of of
Jay: Spinning on my Mom's money, you know I'm saying
Jay: I'm trying to I'm trying to be a better so can be a better person.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so specifically are you as soon as you get the money. Are you saying, hey, I want to pay for your there's a pot of money somehow that you're contributing
Jay: I've tried to give it to her. She don't want it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Jay: Well need it. I got enough money to buy my secret gas and in some
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep. OK, I see it. I see it. So you want to be this good person. But then the way you know how is through hard work and effort. And so you go out and do it. And then it's not accepted.
Jay: No, it's not that it's not accepted. She, she knows I'm gonna need it later on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Jay: She doesn't she doesn't, you mean I'm trying, I'm trying to
Jay: Pay her back for all the years that she's been with me on me.
Gwenevere Abriel: But she doesn't need it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you having any emotion right now as you're talking about it.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know I can't tell. That's what's so pathetic about this this Telehealth. Are you feeling sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: She sees what you're doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: She can see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a complicated process.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've been a part of it feels good to work hard and be able to give back. I bet some ways that feels good.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that debt.
Gwenevere Abriel: So big
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not where the tears are coming from.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you don't know this.
Jay: You're not
Gwenevere Abriel: A parent yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: But she really does.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just want you to be healthy and happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Money and stuff. It comes and goes, but there's only one you
Gwenevere Abriel: You had some invest years
Gwenevere Abriel: Where opportunities to really follow where your passion is and things that you know interest you just were kinda
Gwenevere Abriel: Occupied by that life and surviving and then prison and not life and then surviving and then it just kind of kept going, kept going.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if it was okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: To save the money for something
Gwenevere Abriel: If your mom was just hell bent. She ain't gonna take it right and you were going to save it for something that you would feel good about there would be an investment in you, that's long overdue.
Gwenevere Abriel: What what might
Jay: Want to put a system in my Jeep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like a sound system. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You like that music would be a way to cope
Gwenevere Abriel: With that fear we were talking about earlier.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you ever have a sound system like that before, like what you want.
Jay: You have no movie.
Jay: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's say
Gwenevere Abriel: This music that's in vehicle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Could you see that being something that's going to help you then to the next thing that you want.
Jay: I don't know, maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe. Okay, so let's let's hold hold music for just a second, that music might be
Gwenevere Abriel: A way to sort of emotionally regulate. It's a discharge. It's a way for distraction. It's a way to feel better.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it might not. So coping isn't quite the same as advancing right you've been coping.
Gwenevere Abriel: Various ways you've been surviving your life, but it's not quite the same thing as investing
Gwenevere Abriel: I was a little surprised that you are going to
Gwenevere Abriel: That you picked your sound system.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a little short term. So I was thinking maybe he'll say something more long term something
Gwenevere Abriel: Bigger something that has like lots of steps involved and it's kind of far out into the distance, and it's something that you would work hard for something you want that maybe you gave up on a long time ago.
Jay: Every time I do that and I failed. That's always an excuse for me to use
Gwenevere Abriel: Me, tell me one of what you call a failure. Tell me when when you failed.
Jay: Okay, whenever I was younger. Doesn't have to be recent
Jay: Opening I got this girl, she was pregnant and whenever I got with her. I didn't know if it was mine. She told me it was it, but I thought that it was, it turned out not to be, but I still stayed with her anything I got two jobs, the whole time she was pregnant and
Jay: We bought the house next door.
Jay: I mean, I was right next door to her mom's I did everything I could to provide you don't say
Jay: Oh yeah, and
Jay: Just for her to go and get highlight it was like three weeks before was do
Jay: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay.
Jay: And
Jay: That day i just i
Gwenevere Abriel: didn't know what else to do. You were completely shocked by her behavior. No.
Jay: I didn't go back to work, except to pick up my check. And I went, bought a bunch of math and
Gwenevere Abriel: You're done.
Jay: I was done for three or four years.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really go off the rails, you are gone.
Jay: I don't
Jay: I don't accept failure. Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: No, you don't.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's gonna be hard as a human. I know, because for messy and and we're not omnipotent, you know, that means God like we're not perfect, or
Jay: That's why I don't try to plant because if I can reach it rip. I get set back. It's just another
Jay: It's another tool for the drugs. Not saying
Jay: Trying to find better coping skills for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're in it. We're doing it together. We're getting there. Okay, we, we can't do it all at once. This is outpatient right we can't. We're not doing intensive outpatient, so we're going to get there. Just don't give up before the miracle happens. Okay, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: If you
Gwenevere Abriel: Get truly disappointed in yourself or someone else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just reach out to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't have to be fancy. You can say this fucking day sucks send an all know all know because you don't do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I never forget that from you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I will call and I will do whatever I can to get you back on the rail.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it could be just a slip and you come right back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Versus the efforts completely, which is a while now. I've failed at sobriety and now I'm just going to stay this way, which is what a lot of people do really give up on themselves, but that's a relapse that that those three years. That's a true relapse, which is different than
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't have enough coping skills. I was presented with a high stress environment and I forgot my new skills. I forgot to breathe. I forgot to reach out to when I forgot.
Gwenevere Abriel: All I felt was these emotions and it was all I could do. And I just, I did what I used to always do. And I just used, and then I remembered
Gwenevere Abriel: And I threw it away and I went and I slept in on a car I slept in a desert or what whatever but you got back on track. You don't have to do it that way, we go all the way into a relapse. You can catch it. Believe it or not,
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's early phase and come right back okay doesn't have to be that other way.
Jay: Know how hard it was to coordinate
Gwenevere Abriel: That helps how miserable. You work.
Jay: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's called a negative reinforcer it's the buzzing seatbelt.
Oh dear. She's so funny.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you
Gwenevere Abriel: Opposite our it's funny. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not talking to you flipped.
Gwenevere Abriel: Joe and thinks it to 10 instead of one second.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let me. I really want to I want. I want you to have this. I really liked this article, and it was on perfectionism.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like that it. It's the way it's language is
Gwenevere Abriel: Simple it's not fancy, you know, it's not all the psychobabble stuff. I don't, I don't think it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I have shared this in
Gwenevere Abriel: In group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Goodness going to read it with you do feel like I
Need to tell this client that she's an hour off.
Very much.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just send me a quick text, I need to be gentle. Here are problems.
Okay, let's see how that goes.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna share the screen. Alright, this what I'm about to do is the insight part for some people, the insight is the key to happiness. It's the key to mental health and they're like, it answers my why questions. And so, you know, that's what psychology can offer
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not everything. It's a piece of it and it's pretty cool to kind of see oneself in in psychological theory.
Gwenevere Abriel: And to say, oh, hey, that's me. I'm not alone. And I kind of get how this came about. So insights, a pretty handy thing to have. But it's not the same thing as a therapeutic gain that's going to come from some of the interventions that you and I do together.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I still think it's useful. So let's see. Let's see what you think of this
Gwenevere Abriel: So one of the insidious effects of early childhood difficulty is perfectionism perfectionism takes many forms, but hinges on unrealistic.
Gwenevere Abriel: unattainable ideals ourselves.
Gwenevere Abriel: You with me. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can only see can see always see me. I don't like that. I want to see you see if I can. I'm like staring at myself like I see me talking to myself so exit full view, if I can get this to switch
Gwenevere Abriel: It hinges on unrealistic and unattainable ideals.
Gwenevere Abriel: For ourselves others and the world constant striving for an illusory perfect world can lead to relationship conflicts burnout and fatigue in our pursuits and a deep sense of anger and frustration about ourselves and others.
Gwenevere Abriel: When reality fails to live up to our lofty vision right where reality doesn't match expectation
Gwenevere Abriel: Childhood perfectionism tends to get set up and childhood.
Gwenevere Abriel: We are faced with stress abuse or neglect that we had no control over. I think they should change that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because that's the past. This is really key. This is the key. This is the actual part that creates
Gwenevere Abriel: This perfectionist and it's right in here when I enter visual is experiencing this kind of invalidating environments stress abuse, neglect.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you realize that you have no control over it. This could be due to discord or divorce in our families, or perhaps a family struggle with poverty illness, mental health, substance use, or worse.
Gwenevere Abriel: As a young child, these events threaten to overwhelm our undeveloped nervous system.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which counts on a stable and consistent outside environment in order to be regulated.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is nothing, there is nothing more important to a child in a sense of safety and connection with our primary caregivers.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when this is impinged cut off children must this we're getting right to it here. Children must come up with a reason to understand why their basic needs are not being met.
Gwenevere Abriel: Children cannot emotionally, mentally, or even physically handle the reality that the world is often a painful place where bad things can happen to us and others for no apparent reason.
Gwenevere Abriel: In order to maintain a sense of control over ourselves just picture you're like little you like five your for your tiny
Gwenevere Abriel: But still, Jay. There's a sense of even that young we want control over our environment. That's the phenomenon that's happening here. So in order to maintain a sense of maintain a sense of control of our lives children have to come up with a narrative that's a story that explains why
Gwenevere Abriel: These bad things are happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is normal for a child to believe that they have control over their environment and then events that occur in reality are the result of their own actions or thoughts.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is it. This is where the perfectionism get started. It is normal for trial to believe that they have control over their environment.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that events that occur in reality of the result of their own actions or thoughts since they have not yet made a link between cause and effect. So right here, this is where the it's my fault. Get started.
Gwenevere Abriel: That that part. Makes sense.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Children need an explanation to we naturally want to have a sense of control. And what ends up happening is we can't control others we end up controlling ourselves and therefore blaming ourselves.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is called magical thinking in developmental theories and let's a child that there is an alternative version reality where these bad things would not have occurred.
Gwenevere Abriel: If they did something different. If only the child had done something different, these bad things would not have happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: This might sound maladaptive at first glance, but looking more closely at this strategy, it serves a purpose for a child belief that we could stop bad things from happening. If we try harder.
Gwenevere Abriel: If we were better if we were more perfect allows a child to retain a sense of control over their world. I'll be at false
Gwenevere Abriel: This false sense of security protects them from being overwhelmed in a scary world.
Gwenevere Abriel: And allows them to create an illusion of safety.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it now hinges on them, rather than the adults around them.
Gwenevere Abriel: It hinges.
Gwenevere Abriel: On you. You control all
Gwenevere Abriel: If you stay perfect if you never fail.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nothing bad will happen this concept gets developed really young.
Gwenevere Abriel: And again, these aren't conscious. These aren't things that go on in the conscious mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: This false sense of security protects them from being overwhelmed in a scary world and allows them to create an illusion of safety that not hinges on them, rather than the adults around them.
Gwenevere Abriel: This protection, also known as a defense mechanism, however, comes at a huge cost. It requires a sacrifice of our intrinsic sense of so
Gwenevere Abriel: If we were really good at our core these things would not be happening to us.
Gwenevere Abriel: But since bad things are happening, we must not really be enough in some way.
Gwenevere Abriel: The logical answer to this problem. According to our mind, right, is to strive to improve ourselves, whichever way our mind deems most likely to prove to the world that we are good, which, by the way, ought to also stop these bad things from happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we begin, of course of perfectionism, which may show up in academic athletic artistic performance being socially popular being a good girl or a good more being nice, being pretty etc.
Gwenevere Abriel: These behaviors may get reinforced by our families. Oh, good boy. Great job. Yeah. Yeah. And you're so wonderful. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right to get reinforced for our families, our communities via praise, but secretly we have started down the slippery slope of perfectionism. Because no matter how good we are
Gwenevere Abriel: The problem we have been facing are not really being created by us at all, and therefore will not go away just because we're good was never about your being good to begin with.
Gwenevere Abriel: But little you the one that solved the problem at a tiny age of four or five
Gwenevere Abriel: This problem solving approach is still operating in adulthood.
Gwenevere Abriel: Our minds are not very accurate at looking out
Gwenevere Abriel: Actual actual experience and how well our strategy is working for us. Instead, we start to double down on being perfect.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even when being perfect is not really going to stop bad things from happening or help get all our needs met.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want to check in with you and make sure I haven't lost you.
Jay: Know I'm here.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So far, what are you hearing and will kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Bring
Jay: Yes, it is.
Jay: News to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah of course all I'll get it. I think I've sent it to people in a text to I'll get it over to you and attacks you want that in a text.
Jay: Yeah, if you want to email a PDF. You don't matter.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll get it to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because
Gwenevere Abriel: I think we're halfway through.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we're you have just that page, you got like three three or four paragraphs. There's not much left to it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there might actually be more to it online.
Gwenevere Abriel: But one of the reasons why.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wanted to
Gwenevere Abriel: Run after group was because a lot of you guys present with this you present with a core belief of
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't matter what I do. It doesn't. It doesn't matter. I'm not going to be enough. I'm not enough. I'm not enough. And if we whittle away the lie don't like failure, failure if we take that away, what's left with
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you believe that your core that you're a good person that you don't have to actually do anything that you're good.
Gwenevere Abriel: And enough just because you weren't born
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I didn't think so. That's why I got the article and a lot of you guys have that. And a lot of you also have what's called a really high a score, which speaks to adverse childhood experiences.
Gwenevere Abriel: I haven't heard that a lot a lot from you, your memory is not awesome in most of the time you spend talking about how bad you are
Gwenevere Abriel: And we did I let you do that all session last time really got into it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not sold yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: After work harder at that but
Gwenevere Abriel: I do want to hear. I want to hear. Also, maybe some memories or maybe, maybe you could investigate a little bit with your mom and say,
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, how was I treated as a little boy by my stepfather. I don't remember.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe getting a little history taking from your sister, and we get some collateral information and maybe you'll remember you hear some of those stories, maybe some of that will come up. They may also come up in our talking
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get that over to I'm going to see if this
Gwenevere Abriel: Wants to meet with me and see what we can do next week.
Jay: May 27 we got for
Gwenevere Abriel: 1133 1111 yeah I have that too. That's great. How did we, how did we do that. Why, why was I so proactive. That's great.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm a superstar.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh no, I really am. I'm a whole week ahead. I'm feeling. Brilliant. All right. Well, I sure I sure hope you. Okay, so we've got don't smoke super, super right before 20 minutes before the
Gwenevere Abriel: Under the tongue business. And then we have then eat before I would say just go for go for eat before the medicine so you don't throw it up, but just cut out that the tobacco right before and see if that makes a difference for you.
Jay: So eat before
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's only get us only change one thing, and then we're we're doing that rollout thing, then we can really tease it apart and see if it really is.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're changing one variable in our little experiment here we're just changing. I won't be smoking 20 minutes before I put this under my tongue. It's the only thing we're going to change. And we'll just watch
Jay: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you have to do all your thinking later.
Jay: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll see you on Monday.
Jay: Okay, thank you.
Bye.